with me a new one that just
got an apartment and as it should be
put a new door
so you do not have to hammer there troem
or between the edges of the faith was a big hole
better to make true to order on delivery
like the beast the cheapest real and
often very bad and reinstalled
It’s not good for us
and our task is to understand what amounts
design features specifically
our room to
order the years correctly so that it hit
did not fall off or the frequency with him bad
did not happen on further destruction by
the door for this is necessary on we
Helly slightly stained
find out the exact size we summed up
first measure the width of the opening
I have the width of the opening
she will consider using
we got help yard
we make in the admission after option
open or is already selected moment in
depending on the features yes that's all
you must understand that in case of fire and
open not interfere with the class on your
case it is better to send over there
why because if you will
open and here the case of fire you
play this flat size which
man or anyone on standard without ours
sure of the standard or she
primary 32 us 80 anyway you have
the neighbors are already coming to order that is
add your stockings
in height and width it all multiplies
by 1 subtracted the standard 80 they do
such projects we have to choose
material and color can form an order
yes you counted your door happens
you have 197 square metro
standard 1 of 6 additional area
excite the motto of 25 rubles 5 is worth the panel
PVC pipe completed from the inside room
61 bout 4 millimeter you will have two
standard lock pin dangers
canvas and out of the box across
for maximum noise insulation price 2 not
was 20 six hundred fifty three
rubles minus 5 percent discount
It turned out in the end the amount of 19600 20
what should be checked when
installation and even installed we first
time is 45 degrees letting go of the pen after all
should stand at 45 degrees
then we carry out the next operation
stage 2 is 90 degrees negative
this shift take care vatu him second
side after which we close the door
should light up smoothly here with us
the result is finding your holes
also all paid everything needs to work
copying the only thing to consider
when checking these doors it is spectacular
dag all have a lot of russians to
there was not the slightest effect on
panels also have it all on 2 that is
need to carefully check all the items
powder akkas so that there is no
scratch or nothing if nothing
no then produce for a fee
sign admission protection
respectively, the bedroom door only
i try